12:21 PM 11/9/2017
	
	For months after her mother had died, Rinoa had been so upset that she would cry with very little provocation, because she was five years old. She would be set off not only from taunting words, but from any small frustration too. When she didn't get the snack she had been looking forward to for a few hours, she would cry. If she dropped her coat while hanging it up, she would cry. When her teacher told her to stop picking her nose, she would cry. If she suddenly started feeling uncomfortable in her clothes, she would cry. If she was tagged it when playing, she would cry.
	Her classmates quickly exiled her. They didn't know that her mother had died; they just knew that they couldn't play with her without her annoying them, so they just refused to be around her. She didn't know why her friends wouldn't invite her to play with them anymore, because she was five and only knew her own feelings. 
	She would get upset and make everything more difficult. She decided that she hated a new food every week, and that she would not eat it ever again, not matter what was done, until she had a new hatred and that old food was fine again. For some reason she began to really hate brushing her teeth and thus made getting ready for school and for bed absolutely torturous for anyone in charge of her. "Fine, just let your teeth rot out!" and the like were said many times. "See if I care!" And then she would cry.
	Sometimes she would get so worked up that she would forget how to tie her shoes.
	Her caretakers, father, nanny, and teachers alike, soon were all sick of it, although to different degrees. She had gone from being a little easier to deal with than average, good at reading and social cooperation, to as "bad" as the mainstreamed special-ed kids. "I'm not paid enough for this," thought everyone, including her father. "Please let this phase end soon," thought her nanny. "At least I'll have a new batch next year," thought her kindergarten teacher. And still she had no friends.
	Eventually, she did seem to get over it, but she didn't cry any less, for even though she had forgotten her grief, her classmates did not. When they learned that they could make her cry with very little effort, they learned to revel in the power of it, and, when they felt vulnerable, they would always try to find it again. Even though she was convinced that she was above it, Rinoa learned to partner with the other outcasts of her class for group activities, like Serin, who had a heart condition that made her half the size of her peers, and Titus, whose eye twitched, and who couldn't see more than a foot away. Rinoa partnered with them because she would otherwise be alone. She thought, "I am not like them. My mother told me that I am smart and beautiful, and I can see they are not. I will work with them, but we are not friends." 
	She walled off her heart in this way and made everything more difficult for herself. 


11:49 AM 11/9/2017
transcribed and edited from phone:
	
	One rainy day, Orson, a boy who would tell anyone about his extensive collection of toy cars, managed to make Rinoa admit that she had lost her mom, and he decided that he liked telling people about that almost as much as he liked to talk about his cars. To children, her dead mother meant not that they should give her room to grieve, but instead that she had a vulnerability that could be poked and prodded at their leisure. The children were trapped inside because it was too wet outside for teachers to want to watch them out there, and Rinoa spent the lunch time running after Orson, sobbing, trying to get him to stop, until a teacher finally decided to intervene.
	That night, as she walked the dim hallway from the bathroom back to her bed, she heard a whisper behind her. It was too vague to discern, but before she looked, she remembered how her mother had told her years ago that ghosts didn't exist, and she dismissed the voice. Then she felt something like the swish of water in her ear, as if it was summer and she had just dragged herself out of the pool, even though it was almost winter and all the little pools she liked were filled with straw. As she turned her head to shake the water out, perhaps by coincidence, perhaps by design, she caught movement out of the corner of her eye. Instinctively, her eyes glanced behind her. 
	As warm water sluiced out of her ear, she took in what her eyes saw. Far away, at the end of the hall, the rough shag carpet in the living room was lit faintly by the pale light from the moon through the curtains, which was too weak to make a stripe of light across the floor, and instead filled the room with its aura. Then, her eyes searched the darkness, and she saw a shape beside her, distinct from the wallpaper. Something touched her hair on the other side of the shape. Her eyes burned. The form beside her gently took her hands. Thin, delicate webs cradled her fingers. 


1:07 PM 11/9/2017

	Perhaps if she had accepted Titus and Serin instead of accepting her arrogance, she would have succeeded at Deling Elementary No. 12, and she would have had friends to play with. They could have pretended to be dogs together, and to chase rabbits, and to make snowflakes out of folded sheets of paper even though Deling hadn't seen snow in years. Instead, she was alone except for her follower.


11:49 AM 11/9/2017
transcribed and edited from phone: 

	When Rinoa was fifteen years old and a few months more, she asked, "Sumire, what are you?"
	"I am Azumi," said Sumire slowly. 
	"No," Rinoa said, "I meant your role. Why are you here? Why are you with me?" 
	Perhaps she had taken Sumire for granted, because it was just that week that she realized that she didn't know why Sumire was there at all.
	Sumire suddenly changed dispositions, and it seemed like she was looking deep within herself, to a duty she had become so accustomed to that she had forgotten its purpose. "I am you," she said, "and you are me."
	Rinoa knew that Sumire was a hideous fish monster with yellowed, sharp teeth and only a vestigial human shape, even if that didn't matter to her. In general, it did kind of matter. Rinoa thought back to all the school counselors that had passed through her life, in every different school she had attended, and their fascination with self-esteem. Rightfully trying to prevent the development of eating disorders, they took a generic path with mass-produced posters decorated with flower designs that represented the idea of "flower" instead of any specific one, and she thought of how they had all parroted variations of "what really makes you beautiful is what's on the inside," and then she thought of Sumire, with her many teeth and squinting koi eyes. 
	If that's what she looked like on the inside, then so be it.


2:00 PM 12/8/2017

	At 4 PM, Sephie suddenly burst into the Newspaper Club room, which was actually a borrowed writing lab with a few extraneous filing cabinets. "Mrs. Kramer!" she said in an outside tone. 
	"Hello, Selphie," said the Newspaper Club advisor.
	"Did you hear!" said Selphie, even louder.
	"Did I hear about what, Selphie?" 
	"Mrs. Kramer! Did you hear about the missing students at Deling East?"
	"Yes, I did. Did you finish your article?"
	"Yeah, it was super boring. I feel sorry for anyone who reads it. It's in here somewhere," she said while she reached around her shoulder and thumped her repurposed sports bag. God help the coach of any sports team Selphie decided to join. The exercise might help her though...
	Oh, Selphie had already poured out the entire bag onto Edea's desk. That was a lot of... many things.
	"Here's the article," she handed Edea some crumpled loose-leaf with writing on it. Half of it was crossed out in a big grey chunk. "I want to research the missing students!"
	"If you do, would you write something about it? Maybe even something about their basketball team this season; I heard that one of the students missing was from the men's team."
	"Yeah, sure, but their men's team has always sucked anyway. It's only the women's team that's any competition."
	"So I've heard," Edea said, and she smiled. "Why don't you go down to Deling East then? You know, my daughter's sibling goes there. I can ask them to help you around," said Edea.
	"Sure, sure, just give me Ellone's phone number," said Selphie. She was already extremely busy shoving everything on Edea's desk into her backpack, all at once; luckily, she left Edea's paperweight behind. Pens and random papers were spilling out onto the ground when they missed the opening. "I'll call her sometime."
	"Mmm," murmured Edea as she grabbed one of the papers and pens to scribble down some numbers. Meanwhile a final <i>crunch</i> came from Selphie's bag as she shoved in the last few papers and zipped it up. "Here's her number. You still have mine, right?"
	"Yeah. See you, Mrs. Kramer!" Selphie said, and she waved as she backed out the door at a half run.
	To Edea, the room was suddenly, mercifully quiet with Selphie gone. She took a deep breath and looked around the room. Most of the students were already back to pretending to work, but two new students were still all agape, left lost in the silence. One of them, a girl who could affect righteous anger at anything, including soggy french fries, which were clearly the work of the uneducated and lazy fast food workers plotting to ruin her day, blurt out, "Is that girl even a member of the Newspaper Club?"
	"Yes," said a student one table away without looking up from her computer screen. While Edea was frowning at the monotone, the other new student spoke up.
	"Why did you give her an assignment like that?" said the girl, which was a nice way of dressing up <i>Why did Selphie get a cool story, like actual newspaper work, and I'm stuck here writing about how well the last school assembly went, even though every student was there anyway?</i>
	"Oh, it keeps her out of trouble," said Edea.


3:30 PM 12/8/2017, and again, 3:19 AM 1/1/2018

	Behind Quistis was a furious tapping of feet and a loud call of, "Hello!" Quistis looked to her side as the girl caught up to her, and then looked down, as she would otherwise miss her. The girl was very short, but Quistis was also unusually tall. Short, yes, and the girl was not wearing a school uniform. Instead she wore brown corduroy flare jeans, pants, things, which defied description. There was embroidery on one leg, possibly of a rose or five. She had a backpack on, with one cute little keychain and one half-empty water bottle in the pockets. 
	"Hello," Quistis said.
	"Do you know anything about the basketball teams here?" asked the girl.
	"Oh," said Quistis. "Oh, yeah, I do, a little." 
	Quistis was the captain of the girl's basketball team.
	"Do you know anything about the missing players?"
	"Doesn't everyone?" said Quistis. "My opinion is that every one of those missing players was a drain on society." Was that too harsh to say to a stranger? "What do you think of it?"
	"Oh, I don't know," said the girl. "It's kind of exciting, though. My name is Selphie."


12:20 AM 1/4/2018

	Selphie glanced up at the clock above them and then craned her neck around to read it. She said, "Oh, I have to go see someone in a few minutes. They're waiting by the cafeteria."
	"It was nice to speak to you, Selphie," said Quistis.
	"You too!" said Selphie as she started off in the exact wrong direction.
	Quistis felt every muscle in her face try to do something different as she said, "Selphie. Maybe I should go with you, so you don't get lost."
	Selphie turned - Quistis quickly smoothed out her face - and she said, "Are you sure? I'm certain that I can find it fast enough."
	Thinking of the test she was supposed to be retaking fifteen minutes ago, Quistis replied, "I don't have anything better to be doing. Let's go this way."
	"Alright, if you're sure!" 


8:41 PM 11/9/2017

	In front of the entrance to the school was a group of girls, chattering about something. Quistis cut off Zell's badgering about how they were going to find out anything by walking up to them and saying, "Hi, I have a question." At this, the girls turned around, nearly all as one, and gave her their full attention. She asked, "Do any of you know Rinoa Heartilly?"
	After a few moments of thought, a girl close to Quistis said, "No, I don't think so?" just as a girl across the circle visibly realized something. 
	"Oh! I knew her," said the girl. "We were friends before we went to high school. She was pretty popular then. She kind of disappeared once we got to high school, though." The girl turned to the person next to her and said, "Pales, do you remember her? She was on the girls' soccer team." 
	"Oh yeah," said Pales. "She was a midfielder. I've seen here at this school before."
	"Really?" asked the first girl. "I didn't know she went here. I haven't seen her. I always wished I had been born into a nice last name like 'Heartilly,' though. Instead my last name is just a normal first name, it's literally the worst." 
	"I hate my last name too," said the girl next to Pales comfortingly.
	"My ideal last name is Lilac or something. People would think that I smell nice before they ever met me."
	Pales said, "Both of you deserve perfect last names."
	"Thanks for the help," said Quistis with a smile. 
	All the girls said something like, "Don't worry about it!" and "No problem!" as Quistis turned away. The rest of their group caught up to her when she opened the doors to the school, and they could here the girls behind them musing about what a weird question that was, and really, where was Rinoa now?
	"Quistis, you're amazing," said Selphie. "They absolutely would have given me the evil eye if I ran up to them. I know from experience." 
	Quistis frowned, thinking of all the ways that Selphie could have learned that, but was soon distracted by trying to herd the group away from the vending machines.


4:57 AM 1/5/2018

	"My dear, I will walk you to the edge of the water," she said, and, even though they had only met an hour or five before, Quistis felt so delighted that the sun reversed from the horizon and lit the sky on fire. That is certainly what love felt like. She looked down and saw the girl's hand on her hand, and then she could feel the calloused warmth. Satin caressed Quistis's skin as she slid down the rocky shore into the grip of the waves, and her last sight was the girl's fingers slipping through her own; then she felt pain all over her right shoulder. Something under her face was cold and hard, and it was under the rest of her body too, apparently. She cracked her eyes open and saw that she was on the floor of her bedroom, with her bed looming above her at an angle she hadn't ever witnessed before. For a moment in her sleepy mind, the view was stranger than being on the floor at all. Then she noticed that all her sheets were dragged off her bed with her and wrapped awkwardly around her ankles. She hadn't fallen out of bed since she was 6. 







